Terms and conditions 

Please read the terms and conditions before you make the purchase with  SKATRD. 

General
i. The following terms and conditions apply to all the customers (referred as “you”) making purchases with SKATRD (referred at “us” , “we” , “company”) at website (projectskatrd.com) and instagram or facebook (@projectskatrd).
ii. While placing the order at SKATRD, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set by the company. Please make sure that you have read the terms and conditions carefully before confirming the order with us.
iii. We reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions from time to time without prior notice to you. The version of terms and conditions that will apply to your order will be on projectskatrd.com or @projectskatrd at the time you place your order. 
iv. SKATRD wants to provide the best possible experience to the customers. We reserve the right to terminate the account and take legal actions against any user who violates these terms and conditions. 


Cancellation 
i. Any cancellations made 24 hours after the order is placed, will be charged a 5-10% cancellation fee.  
ii. The payment will be processed in the next 2-7 hours after the cancellation. 
iii. The payment will be returned to the same bank account as the payment made in, if there is any change of bank account, inform the company in advance. 
iv. Cancellations made 24 hours after the order is placed will be free of charge.


Return, Exchange and Refund 
i. In case of any returns and exchange, only the delivery charges will be applicable to the customer. 
ii. The return and exchange will only be processed if the product is sent back to the given address provided there is no loss and damage. 
iii. Any loss or damage caused by the customer before returning the product will be charged the same amount as the product. 
iv. The return and exchange will be processed in 2-3 days after the product is received at the company’s given address. 
v. Full refund will be given to the customer if the return is processed within 24-48 hours after the delivery. 
vi. Refunds will be charged 5-10% if the returns are processed after 2 days of delivery. 


Loss or Damage in transit 
i. In case of any loss or damage that happens during the transit, the company’s not responsible for it and no exchange and return will be processed by the company.
ii. In case of loss or damage (if any) during the time of delivery  from the company’s side, it will be covered by the company.


Delivery
i. All the deliveries will take place 2-4 days after the order is placed to the company. 
ii. The customer will be given the tracking id of the delivery partners after the product is dispatched from the company’s office.
iii. The product will be delivered to the respected address in between 3-10 business days after the product is dispatched and if there is any delay, the customer is free to contact the delivery partners.
iv. The delivery charges will be calculated and written in the bill and will be rightfully informed to the customer. 
v. Interstate delivery charges will be the same for all the Indian states but international delivery charges will vary. 
vi. International shipping charge will vary country to country, no extra cost will be added.




Privacy Policy 
i. All the information given by the customer to the company will be confidential and will only be used for business purposes. 
ii. Information like name, address, phone number will only be used for business and will not be shared anywhere except the retailer and the customer. 


Copyright and Trademark 
i. All the branding, logos, graphics and designs are of SKATRD exclusively and if seen using any of those without the permission of the company will be charged in the court of law. 
ii. Copying and distributing the brand’s property by any customer without any consent will be charged in the court of law.